We have:
        1. Differentiation Strategy (Strategie diferentiata) ex: DuckDuckGo , it is something which comes with a premium
        functionality, it resolves something better. In our case, DuckDuckGo it gives you anonymity and more security
        You should make clients pay more, because is something premium, You can help them with demos os trials
        2. Dominant Strategy (Strategie dominanta) ex: Netflix, Uber, Spotify. It is a model that is address to a large market
        with lots of clients but the price should be low. You can use that freemium option, you give every functionality
        to all your clients, but you have to be carefull not to sell to everybody. This should be self service products,
        you should not use another company to sell them. CAC-customer acquisition cost should be less than product value over
        his life time. (LTV -> LifeTime Value).
        3. Disruptive Strategy ex: Canva. It is a model where clients prefer to use a product with less functionalities that
        a product from a competitor has, because it fullfills their needs faster and cheaper.

Some important questions that we need to answer when we want to make a business:


    Care sunt top 3 probleme identificate?

    Care este soluția propusă?

    Care este Propunerea de Valoare Unică (unique Value Proposition)? 

    Care este avantajul produsului tău, care nu poate fi cu ușurință replicat de competitori? (unfair advantage)

    Ce segmente de clienți adresezi?

    Care sunt alternativele existente?

    Care sunt metricii de business și de produs pe care-i urmărești?

    Care este o analogie care să îți folosească în fața unui investitor? (spre exemplu, putem spune că Youtube este un Flickr pentru video-uri)

    Care sunt canalele prin care ajungi la clienți?

    Care sunt cei pe care îi dor cel mai mult problemele pe care le au, acei early adopters, care sunt cel mai interesați să îți folosească produsul cât mai repede?

    Care este structura de costuri? Care costuri sunt fixe și care sunt variabile?

    Care sunt veniturile ca revenue streams?


AARRR a.k.a Pirate Metrics

Any startup has 3 stages:
    1.Traction Stage, init stage, here, a product tries to attrack more people to see if the need is valided and fullfiled.
    2.Tranzition Stage, in this stage, data resulted from the first stage are processed in order to go to growth stage.
    3.Growth Stage, in this one, the earnings are raised, the product is developing new functionalities and extends its market impact.

AARRR metrics:
    1.acquisition(achizitie)
    2.activation(activare)
    3.retention(retentie)
    4.refferal(recomandare)
    5.revenue(venituri)

Primary metrics ---->>>> it shows you directly if things that interrests you will happen or not.
Secundary metrics --->>> it shows you info from where you could say if things that interrests you will happen or not.


Acquisiton -> sign-up at freemium or trials -->>shows you if users found out about your product
Activation -> here clients tried your product and decide if is good or not for them
Retetion   -> In this stage, we measure if our clients will continue in using our product, they've already
            tried it and understood it. Here, we should take a value called habitual treshold, and if that is reached
            we can say that our client will use our product.
Refferal   -> In this stage, clients if are pleased with your product, reffear it to others. This is very important for
            an entrepreneur because it confirms that your product is viable
Revenue    -> It refferes to the moment where your user becomes your client and pays for your product. A primary metric
            is the firm command and a secondary one is the upgrade from a freemium to a paid subscription.

Tacticile de creștere a metricului de Achiziție sunt:

    Inbound Marketing

    Paid Advertising

    Cold Outreach

    Account-Based Marketing

    SEO

    Growth Hacking

    Social Media

    Partner Program

    Chat

Tacticile de creștere a metricului de Activare sunt:

    Walkthroughs

    Checklists

    In-App Messages

    Triggered Emails

    Drip Sequences

    User Engagement Tracking

    Assisted onboarding

    Product updates

    Screencasts

    Blank states

Tacticile de creștere a matricei Retention, care cuprind orice ai putea spune clientului despre cum sa scoată mai multă valoare de la produs, cuprind următoarele:

    How To Resources

    Webinars

    In-App Messages

    Product Feature Additions

    Retention Emails

    User Engagement Tracking

    Training Courses

    Customer Surveys

Tacticile de Referral, care cuprind acțiunile ce îi determină pe utilizatori să se transforme în suporteri activi ai produsului și să-l recomande mai departe, sunt:

    Affiliate Program

    Referral Program

    Product Invite Features 

Printre tacticile pentru Revenue, cele ce presupun acțiunile care îl împing pe utilizator să devină client plătitor, sunt: 

    Pricing Strategies

    Free Trials

    Demos

    Sales Enablement Content

